TypedAPI: First version of documentation (#509)
elastic/go-elasticsearch: .doc/typedapi/queries.asciidoc

[[runningqueries]]
=== Running Queries

==== Request structures

Each endpoint comes  with a Request type that represents the body of its request.
For example, a simple search request for a term "Foo" in the `name` field could be written like this:

[source,go]
-----
search.Request{
    Query: &types.QueryContainer{
        Term: map[types.Field]types.TermQuery{
            "name": {Value: "Foo"},
        },
    },
}
-----

==== Query Builder

Although the structure syntax is lightweight, the types will sometimes lead you to pointers of string or even type aliases which ultimately are interfaces.

> For all those occasions as well as discoverability we provide for the entire API a builder for each type, such that the above request can be written like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all those occasions as well as discoverability, we provide for the entire API a builder for each type; the request above can be written like this:
```

[source,go]
-----
ss := search.NewRequest().
    Query(
        types.NewQueryContainer().
            Term(map[types.Field]types.TermQuery{
                "name": types.NewTermQuery().Value("Foo").Build(),
            }).
            Build()).
    Build()
-----

The builders are designed to take value arguments for easier inline use, you can mix at will the structures and the builder as you see fit depending on your usage.

==== Raw JSON

Lastly if you want to use your own pre-baked JSON queries using templates or even a specific encoder, you can pass the body directly to the `Raw` method of the endpoint:
[source,go]
-----
es.Search().Raw([]byte(`{
  "query": {
    "term": {
      "user.id": {
        "value": "kimchy",
        "boost": 1.0
      }
    }
  }
}`))
-----

> No further validation or serialization is done on what is sent through this method, setting a payload with this will take precedence over any request structure you may submit before running the query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No further validation or serialization is done on what is sent through this method, setting a payload with this takes precedence over any request structure you may submit before running the query.
```
